PROBLEM, OBSERVATION,
HYPOTHESIS,
RESEARCH, EXPERIMENT...
WHAT'S THE LAST ONE?
CONCLUSION.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
MS. SALAZAR, I'M HERE
ON BEHALF OF THE INTERNAL
REVENUE SERVICE
TO COLLECT
ON YOUR DELINQUENT TAXES.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I'M ON A PAYMENT PLAN.
I JUST SPOKE WITH MY
ACCOUNT MANAGER LAST WEEK.
OH, YOU DIDN'T GET THE NOTICE?
THAT AGREEMENT
HAS BEEN CANCELED.
YOUR PAYMENT IS DUE RIGHT NOW.
-WHAT?
-MOM?
GO TO YOUR ROOM, LYDIA.
WE'LL PUT A LIEN
ON YOUR HOUSE.
WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO DO THAT.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
WHAT? NO!
I TOLD YOU, I AM PAYING IT.
HMM.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
GIVE ME A CREDIT CARD.
I'LL MAKE THIS ALL GO AWAY.
OR I COME BACK WITH THE SHERIFF,
AND WE LOCK YOU OUT.
TONIGHT.
YOUR CHOICE.
HERE.
WHEN I CONTACTED THE IRS,
THEY SAID THEY NEVER RECEIVED
THE MONEY.
BUT SOMEONE MAXED OUT
MY CREDIT CARD.
IF IT WASN'T THE IRS, THEN WHO?
PROBABLY THE SAME PEOPLE
WHO HAVE BEEN, UH,
TARGETING TAXPAYERS
ALL OVER BOSTON.
YOU'RE NOT ALONE, CLARA.
WELL, IT ISN'T JUST THE MONEY.
THIS MAN HUMILIATED ME.
HE SCARED MY DAUGHTER.
OKAY, WELL, WE'RE GONNA FIND OUT
WHO DID THIS,
AND WE'RE GONNA
GET YOUR MONEY BACK.
I PROMISE.
MR. FORD, I PLAY BY THE RULES.
AFTER I GOT LAID OFF,
I WAS PAYING OFF MY DEBT
A LITTLE AT A TIME,
AND I COULD STILL PUT FOOD
ON THE TABLE EVERY NIGHT.
WHAT DO I TELL MY DAUGHTER NOW?
YOU TELL HER THE SAME THING
YOU TELL HER EVERY DAY.
DON'T GIVE UP.
THE RICH AND POWERFUL
TAKE WHAT THEY WANT.
WE STEAL IT BACK FOR YOU.
SOMETIMES, BAD GUYS
MAKE THE BEST GOOD GUYS.
WE PROVIDE...
LOOK, ALL I'M SAYING IS,
IS I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY WE CAN'T HAVE
A COUPLE OF DAYS OFF
IN BETWEEN JOBS.
WE JUST SPENT 10 DAYS IN JUAREZ.
WHAT'S THE MATTER? YOU DON'T
LIKE THE PIÑATAS I BOUGHT?
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
NO -- NO TIME OFF, ALL RIGHT?
WE GOT A LOT OF WORK TO DO.
HARDISON, RUN IT.
[ COMPUTER BEEPS ]
ALL RIGHT. THE FIRST RULE
OF CRIME IS FOLLOW THE MONEY.
NOW, MS. SALAZAR'S MONEY
RAN THROUGH
THREE DIFFERENT SHELL COMPANIES
BEFORE IT ENDED UP
WITH THIS GUY.
HUGH WHITMAN.
HE RUNS A BIG DEBT COLLECTION
AGENCY RIGHT OUTSIDE OF BOSTON
CALLED
FINANCIAL SUPPORT ASSOCIATES.
WELL, IT MAKES SENSE.
I MEAN, HE'S GOT BILL COLLECTORS
ALREADY ON HIS PAYROLL.
HE JUST SENDS THEM AFTER PEOPLE
THAT OWE BACK TAXES.
HE KEEPS THE MONEY.
BUT THE NAMES OF THOSE PEOPLE,
THEY'RE NOT PUBLIC.
SO HOW DOES HE KNOW
WHO TO TARGET?
WELL, WHITMAN WORKED
FOR THE IRS FOR 20 YEARS.
HE PROBABLY HAD A FRIEND
LEAK HIM A LIST.
OOH, I GOT IT! I GOT IT!
[ SIGHS ]
WE STEAL THE LIST.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
WE NEED A WAY IN.
WHAT DID YOU FIND OUT
ABOUT WHITMAN ON THE INTERNET?
[ Chuckling ] NOTHING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NOTHING?
HE'S NOT ON THE NET, MAN.
AT ALL.
WHICH IS STRANGE BECAUSE
HIS COMPANY DEALS WITH
SUCH HIGH TECH.
YOU KNOW, THEY DO
THIS THING WHERE THEY
SPOOF YOUR CALLER I.D.
TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE
YOUR GRANDMA'S CALLING,
WHEN IT'S REALLY
ONE OF THEIR BILL COLLECTORS.
SWEET.
GO BACK TO THE MONEY.
YOU SAID WHITMAN
ROUTED HIS MONEY
THROUGH THREE DIFFERENT
SHELL COMPANIES, RIGHT?
-MM-HMM.
-WHERE IS IT NOW?
SOMEWHERE IN THE BOONDOCKS
AT A BANK CALLED TURNER CREEK.
IT'S UNDER AN ACCOUNT NAMED
"PATRIOT LIMITED."
NOW, THERE'S NO TIES
TO WHITMAN,
AND THAT'S WHY
THE COPS CAN'T TOUCH HIM.
GOOD.
WE CAN WORK WITH THAT.
OKAY, I WANT
A TWO-PRONGED ATTACK.
ONE TEAM
IS GONNA GO CONVINCE WHITMAN
HIS MONEY ISN'T SAFE
THERE AT THE BANK.
THAT'S -- ME AND HARDISON
GOT THE BANK.
WE'RE DOING WHAT, NOW?
MM-HMM.
OKAY, AFTER YOU GUYS
HAVE SPOOKED WHITMAN,
SOPHIE, YOU GO AND HOOK
HIM WITH A NEW PLACE
TO STASH HIS CASH.
QUESTIONS?
[ PIÑATA RATTLING ]
WHOA!
[ GASPS ]
[ WHIMPERS ]
I'LL FIX IT.
WE CAN FIX IT.
WE'LL FIX IT. IT'S OKAY.
DUDE, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE COMPLAINING
ABOUT, ALL RIGHT?
I GOT US THE BANK.
WE'RE IN, WE'RE OUT,
AND WE GET TO GO THROW
A WORM IN THE WATER.
ALL SO YOU CAN GO
FISHING IN THE WOODS.
-THAT'S RIGHT.
-MAN, I FISH AT
THE GROCERY STORE.
I DON'T SEE WHY I HAD TO COME.
BECAUSE IT'LL BE GOOD FOR YOU.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU'VE BEEN OUTDOORS?
[ INSECT BUZZING ]
-HEY, MAN.
-MAN!
HEY, MAN,
DID YOU SEE THAT MOSQUITO?
THAT THING HAD A BEAK, MAN.
[ SNIFFS ]
WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
IT'S FRESH AIR.
I DON'T LIKE IT.
[ Boston accent ]
WHO'S IN CHARGE HERE?
UH, HOW CAN --
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
I'LL TELL YOU
HOW YOU CAN HELP US.
THIS IS AGENT BRODY,
I'M AGENT QUINT,
WITH THE CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION
UNIT OF THE IRS.
WELL, UH,
W-WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
WE NEED THE RECORDS
OF ALL THE ACCOUNTS
IN THE NAME OF PATRIOT LIMITED.
O-O-OF COURSE.
UH, R-RIGHT THIS WAY.
I'LL -- I'LL GET THEM FOR YOU.
-HAVE A SEAT HERE.
-MM-HMM.
WE DON'T GET MANY FOLKS
WAY OUT HERE.
UH, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST HAVE A SEAT
AND I'LL BRING THAT ACCOUNT
RIGHT UP?
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ American accent ] MR. WHITMAN,
MY NAME IS COLETTE MADISON.
WE HAVE SOME MUTUAL FRIENDS
OVER AT THE IRS.
OH, WELL,
GO AHEAD AND LEAVE YOUR RéSUMé
WITH HUMAN RESOURCES.
IT'S ABOUT YOUR ACCOUNT
AT TURNER CREEK BANK.
I DON'T HAVE AN ACCOUNT
NO, BUT PATRIOT LIMITED DOES.
AND THAT'S YOU.
MAY I?
WHO ARE YOU?
THINK OF ME AS A MATCHMAKER.
I BRING TOGETHER PARTIES
WHO CAN BENEFIT EACH OTHER.
FOR A FEE, OF COURSE.
I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP.
UNFORTUNATELY, YOU DO.
I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
THAT YOUR MONEY ISN'T SAFE
AT TURNER CREEK BANK ANYMORE.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
NOT NOW.
IT'S URGENT.
Okay, good timing, Sophie.
Now, Eliot and Hardison should
be finishing up at the bank
right about now.
COME ON.
WHAT?
JUST GOT A CALL
FROM ONE OF OUR MEN AT THE BANK.
THERE ARE TWO AGENTS
FROM THE IRS
ASKING ABOUT YOUR ACCOUNTS.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU CALL CHESTER.
TELL HIM TO GET RID OF THEM.
THEY'RE THERE ALREADY,
AREN'T THEY?
[ SIGHS ]
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
I TOLD YOU.
I HAVE FRIENDS AT THE IRS.
THEY'RE ON TO YOU, MR. WHITMAN.
WELL, IF YOU KNOW MY FORMER
DEPARTMENT AT THE IRS,
THEN YOU PROBABLY KNOW
CHARLIE DEAN.
HOW IS THE OLD BOY?
NOW, THAT MUST BE WHITMAN'S
SOURCE INSIDE THE IRS.
YEAH, WE NEED HARDISON.
NO. NO, WE DON'T.
SOPHIE, I WANT YOU TO TELL HIM
THAT THE LAST TIME YOU SAW
CHARLES WAS AT HIS FUNERAL.
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD?
I'M SO SORRY.
IT WAS A BEAUTIFUL SERVICE.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU HAVE MY ATTENTION,
MS. MADISON.
IF MY BANK ISN'T SAFE, WHAT IS?
I WANT TO
INTRODUCE YOU TO SOMEONE
WHO RUNS AN ALTERNATIVE
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION.
HOW'D YOU KNOW THAT?
DO YOU KNOW WHEN I'M GONNA DIE?
DO YOU?
PARKER.
WHAT?
YOU THINK THAT WAS ENOUGH
TO SPOOK WHITMAN?
DON'T KNOW.
COMMS AND MOBILES
DON'T WORK UP HERE,
SO WE HAVE TO CALL NATE
FROM A LAND LINE.
YEAH, WELL, YOU CAN USE
THE PHONE AT THE BAIT SHOP
WHILE I TACKLE US UP.
WE'LL GRAB SOMETHING TO EAT.
COME ON!
LOOK AT ME.
I LOOK LIKE SOMEBODY
EATS AT A BAIT SHOP?
NO.
YOU FELLAS ARE GONNA
WANT TO COME WITH ME.
EXCUSE YOU?
MAKE ANY SUDDEN MOVES
AND MY BOYS WILL BLOW YOUR HEADS
RIGHT OFF.
[ GUN COCKS ]
[ VAN DOOR OPENS ]
[ GUNS COCKING ]
12.
HEY, MAN, THIS VAN IS OLD.
I-I BET IF WE RUSH THAT DOOR,
WE COULD POP THE LOCK.
-YOU READY?
-SHUT UP.
AT LEAST I'M TRYING TO
GET US OUT OF HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M DRAWING A MAP, HARDISON.
17...
18...
MR. WHITMAN,
WELCOME TO YOUR NEW BANK.
YOU'RE KIDDING ME, RIGHT?
COME WITH ME.
COME ON, LADIES!
LET'S KICK IT UP A NOTCH!
[ TECHNO MUSIC PLAYS ]
THAT'S RIGHT!
OH, LET'S MAKE THIS A PARTY!
[ MUSIC TEMPO INCREASES ]
-COME ON, GIRLS.
YOU'VE GOT CATS AT HOME
THAT CAN PEDAL FASTER THAN THAT!
THAT'S IT FOR ME.
NO, I'M DONE.
I'VE GOT TO GO.
WHOO!
YEAH, I-IS THIS THE MANAGER?
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN. THIS
IS OSCAR, UH, FROM CORPORATE.
WE'VE SPOKEN BEFORE.
HEY, YOU KNOW
THAT NEW, UH, LADIES' GYM
THAT'S, UH, DOWN THERE
ON 14th STREET?
YEAH, WELL,
THEY'RE POACHING YOUR MEMBERS
O-OVER THERE AT YOUR PLACE.
YEAH, THEY'RE OFFERING
A FREE MEMBERSHIP
TO ANYONE WHO BREAKS
THEIR CONTRACT WITH YOU.
SO WHAT I NEED YOU
TO DO RIGHT NOW
IS GO DOWN THERE AND GET
THE SKINNY ON WHAT'S GOING ON.
GO! GO NOW!
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
WHAT -- WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHERE'D EVERYBODY GO?
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
HUGH WHITMAN, VIC PELLINGTON.
HE'S THE OWNER.
HEY, COME ON IN.
HAVE A SEAT.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK OF OUR
LITTLE OPERATION WE GOT HERE?
WELL, IT'S A LOW-RENT GYM
FOR HOUSEWIVES.
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE A BANK TO ME.
NO, THAT'S TRUE. YEAH.
ONE OF THEM IS -- IS NOTHING.
BUT YOU GET FIVE
OF THESE PLACES,
AND I'M TELLING YOU --
IT'S A MONEY-LAUNDERING MACHINE.
VIC OWNS
25 IMAGES FRANCHISES.
HE SELLS INTERESTS TO DISCERNING
BUSINESSMEN LIKE YOURSELF
LOOKING TO HIDE THE SOURCE
OF THEIR INCOME.
EXCEPT THAT ONLY WORKS
WHEN YOU HAVE CUSTOMERS
TO EXPLAIN THE CASH FLOW.
THIS PLACE IS EMPTY.
AND THAT RIGHT THERE,
THAT'S THE BEAUTY OF
THE HEALTH-CLUB INDUSTRY,
BECAUSE 80% OF THE PEOPLE,
THEY, UH, THEY PAY THE
MEMBERSHIP BUT THEY NEVER COME.
HAVE A SEAT.
WE HAVE ALL THESE NAMES --
NAME AFTER NAME OF THESE MEMBERS
THAT NEVER COME IN
IN OUR DATABANK.
GIVE VIC YOUR MONEY TO WASH
AND HE JUST ADDS NAMES
TO THE MEMBERSHIP ROSTER.
YOUR DIRTY MONEY
BECOMES CLEAN PROFIT.
SO SHE GETS A FINDER'S FEE?
SHE DOES.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
-MY RAKE IS 15%.
-UGH.
OH, YEAH, BUT WITH THAT,
WHAT YOU GET
IS YOU GET DETAILED PAPERS
THAT SHOW THAT YOU'RE
AN INVESTOR IN IMAGES
FOR OVER A YEAR.
YOU GET BOARD-MEETING MINUTES.
IT'S ALL ON THE UP.
OKAY, WHAT'S THE CATCH?
WELL, THE ONLY CATCH IS THAT
I NEED AN ANSWER NOW, TODAY,
BECAUSE -- [ SIGHS ]
I GOT ONE SLOT LEFT, OKAY,
AND YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY BIDDER.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
I'M GONNA WANT TO LOOK AT
WHAT YOU THINK
ARE DETAILED RECORDS.
YEAH, YEAH. SURE.
I GOT, UH...
I'M VERY INTIMATE
WITH THE TAX CODE, VIC.
I USED TO BE DISTRICT MANAGER
WITH THE
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.
THAT'S COOL.
TAKING MONEY
FROM HARD-WORKING AMERICANS
AND SHIPPING IT
STRAIGHT TO CHINA.
-GOT IT?
-YEAH, THAT'S GOOD.
YOU SMELL THAT?
SMELL OF DEATH?
YES, I DO.
LOOK, MAN, THAT'S NOT EVEN REAL.
RIGHT? SEE, I MAKE THOSE UP
FROM A LITTLE --
[ GRUNTS, COUGHING ]
TURNER CREEK MINUTEMEN.
ANTI-GOVERNMENT MILITIA, HUH?
ANTI-GOVERNMENT
FREEDOM FIGHTERS.
THEY SAY THE WAR IS COMING,
TAX MAN,
BUT IT'S ALREADY BEGUN.
WHAT DO YOU CALL A MAN
WHO TAKES YOUR PROPERTY,
ENRICHES YOUR ADVERSARIES, AND
DEPRIVES YOU OF YOUR LIBERTY?
YOUR ENEMY.
CONSIDER YOURSELVES
CASUALTIES OF WAR.
IT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN, BUBBA.
I GOT ONE STANDING
AND ONE KNEELING.
MAKE IT WORK.
[ GUN COCKS ]
WHOA! HEY! HEY!
HOLD UP! HOLD UP, MAN!
C-C-CAN I AT LEAST
GET A-A CIGARETTE?
-WHAT?
-C-CAN I GET A CIGARETTE?
AS AN ENEMY COMBATANT,
I'M ENTITLED
TO ONE LAST CIGARETTE
ACCORDING TO GENEVA CONVENTION
ARTICLE 89,
PARAGRAPH 3, SUBSECTION K.
NO, Y-Y-YOU KNOW IT.
ARE WE COMBATANTS OR NOT?
FINE.
BRANDON...
GIVE THE MAN A CIGARETTE.
THOSE MENTHOL LIGHTS?
NO.
HERE YOU GO.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ]
RIGHT. RIGHT.
COME ON, NOW.
GO ON. TAKE YOUR TIME.
I-IT'S OVER THERE, MAN.
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE, BRANDON!
FOR GOD'S SAKE, BRANDON!
[ GUNSHOT ]
[ GRUNTING ]
COME ON! COME ON!
-FIRE!
[ GUNSHOTS ]
YOU SEE THAT?
THAT'S CALLED A PLAN!
WHAT PLAN, MAN?
SMOKE CIGARETTES AND DIE?
THIS WAY!
COME ON! GET THOSE DOGS!
GET THOSE DOGS OVER HERE! NOW!
[ DOGS BARKING ]
YES, HELLO, MR. WALLACH?
THIS IS ALEXANDRA FROM F.S.A.
I'M CALLING ABOUT
THE OUTSTANDING BALANCE
YOU HAVE WITH...
AMHERST...
AMHERST ONCOLOGY CENTER?
[ SIGHS ]
[ TELEPHONE CLICKS ]
OH, IT LOOKS LIKE
WE GOT DISCONNECTED.
DELETE. DELETE. DELETE.
PARKER, WHY AREN'T YOU
IN WHITMAN'S OFFICE YET?
UH, 'CAUSE IT'S
MY FIRST DAY AT WORK.
DELETE. DELETE.
DELETE. DELETE. DELETE.
ON MY WAY NOW.
DELETE. DELETE.
HARDISON,
STOP, STOP, STOP, STOP.
WHAT YOU MEAN, STOP?
WHY WE STOP RUNNING?
-LISTEN TO ME, ALL RIGHT?
-RUNNING WAS GOOD!
LISTEN TO ME!
THE VAN WAS AVERAGING
45 MILES AN HOUR, RIGHT?
WE WERE IN THERE FOR 22 MINUTES.
WE TOOK TWO TURNS
OFF THE HIGHWAY.
THAT'S 17 MILES NORTH OF TOWN.
WE NEED TO GO SOUTH.
THAT'S SOUTH.
SAYS YOU AND WHAT COMPASS?
THIS COMPASS, MAN!
SOME OF US WERE BORN
WITH GOOD DIRECTION, HARDISON!
YEAH, WELL,
HOW ABOUT SOME SENSE, MAN?
THAT'S  UPHILL.
RUNNING DOWNHILL IS FASTER.
THAT'S PROVEN SCIENCE.
[ DOGS BARKING IN DISTANCE ]
ALL RIGHT. GO.
ONE, TWO, THREE. YEAH.
-DAMN IT! AGAIN?
-YOU GOT A TELL, MAN.
YOU GOT A TELL.
COME ON! GO!
HERE YOU GO, BOY.
SIC 'EM.
OVER HERE! OVER HERE!
[ DOGS PANTING ]
GOOD BOY.
GET 'EM, GET 'EM.
IF I WERE A SUPER-SECRET
GOVERNMENT DOCUMENT,
WHERE WOULD I HIDE?
BINGO.
[ COMPUTER WHIRRING ]
HMM.
MM-HMM.
[ SIGHS ]
GUYS, I FOUND THE LIST,
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL I FOUND.
I found guns.
AHH, GEEZ.
SORRY, I -- GO AHEAD.
I-I GOT TO TAKE THIS CALL.
WHAT?!
[ CHUCKLES ]
Looks like he's stealing
from the taxpayers
to buy weapons.
AND FLAGS.
FLAGS, HUH?
WHAT KIND OF FLAGS?
White with a green tree
inside a blue shield
WITH A STAR
AND A RIBBON AROUND IT.
IT SAYS "ENSE PETIT PLACIDAM,
SUB LIBERTATE QUIETEM."
"BY THE SWORD WE SEEK PEACE,
BUT ONLY UNDER LIBERTY."
WELL, THAT'S FROM
THE MASSACHUSETTS STATE FLAG.
THE TREE, THAT'S FROM
THE ORIGINAL COLONIAL FLAG.
SO HE'S A HISTORIAN.
With an arsenal.
NO WONDER WE CAN'T FIND ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS GUY ONLINE.
HE'S GOT A LITTLE SECRET.
-I'm gonna try something.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
I'M SO SORRY.
THE LOCAL COUNCIL
WANTS TO UP HANDICAP RAMPS
ALL OVER THE PARKING LOT.
YOU KNOW, NEXT THING YOU KNOW,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO PUT BRAILLE
IN THE, UH,
YOU KNOW, ON THE FREE WEIGHTS.
IT'S GETTING TO BE RIDICULOUS,
THESE PEOPLE.
HEY, UH, IS THAT YOUR
YELLOW HUMMER OVER THERE?
THAT IT IS.
BOY, THAT'S A SWEET RIDE, HUH?
WELL-MADE MACHINE.
YEAH, A BEAUTY.
SHE'S NICE.
I APPRECIATE A MAN WHO BUYS
AMERICAN, I'LL TELL YOU THAT.
USED TO WORK
FOR THE GOVERNMENT MYSELF.
I'M GOING BACK A FEW YEARS,
BUT, UH, YOU KNOW,
BACK THEN, WE ALL BELIEVED
IN THE SAME PRINCIPLES.
IT'S TRUE.
YEAH, THE SYSTEM, IT'S --
IT'S -- IT'S BROKEN DOWN.
IT CERTAINLY IS.
WHATEVER HAPPENED
TO "BY THE PEOPLE,
FOR THE PEOPLE," HUH?
I SPENT 20 YEARS WITH THE IRS.
YOU THINK AFTER ALL THAT TIME
AND ALL THAT MONEY I COLLECTED,
ANY OF IT WENT TO PROTECT
THE INTEREST OF REAL AMERICANS?
NO. WE JUST HAND IT OFF
TO OTHER AGENCIES.
THEY DOLE IT OUT TO WELFARE
CHEATS AND BORDER JUMPERS
AND WHATEVER BLACK-HOLE PROGRAMS
KEEP THE INCUMBENTS IN OFFICE.
MM.
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH, TAXPAYERS THESE DAYS...
THEY'RE A BUNCH OF SHEEP.
JUST BLIND FOLLOWERS
WHO DON'T EVEN REALIZE
THEIR LIBERTY
IS UNDER CONSTANT ASSAULT
BY THE GOVERNMENT
THAT THEY'VE ELECTED.
[ SIGHS DISGUSTINGLY ]
IT'S PATHETIC.
[ SIGHS ]
PREACHING TO THE CHOIR.
YOU KNOW, THAT MONEY
THAT, UH, THE IRS IS LOOKING FOR
IN THAT BANK?
I TOLD YOU.
IT'S NOT MINE.
IT BELONGS TO THE REVOLUTION.
AND IT'S COMING.
THAT'S WHY YOU GOT TO
ACT FAST, HUGH.
YOU'VE GOT THOSE, UH, THOSE
IRS AGENTS SNOOPING AROUND.
[ SCOFFS ]
I WOULDN'T WORRY ABOUT THEM.
I HAD THEM TAKEN CARE OF.
I've really got to
get back to my office.
WHY DON'T YOU, UH, MEET ME THERE
WITH YOUR RECORDS,
AND I WILL TRY TO
GIVE YOU AN ANSWER TODAY.
PLEASURE TO MEET YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
PARKER, HAVE YOU, UH, TALKED TO
ELIOT OR HARDISON TODAY?
NO.
UH, THEY COULD BE OUT OF RANGE,
O-OR...
OR IN A LOT OF TROUBLE.
I DON'T LIKE IT, NATE.
ELIOT AND HARDISON
SHOULD HAVE CHECKED IN BY NOW.
I THINK
WE SHOULD CALL THE POLICE.
AND TELL THEM WHAT?
TWO OF OUR FRIENDS
ARE IMPERSONATING IRS AGENTS
AT A BANK?
WHITMAN SAID,
"I TOOK CARE OF THEM."
PARKER AND I
WILL FIND THE BOYS.
YOU GO CLOSE WHITMAN.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WE'VE GOT TO GET THEM
OFF OUR SCENT.
-WHAT'S THAT?
-JUST RUB IT ON YOU!
IT'S SKUNKWEED.
MNH-MNH. MM!
IT'LL GET THE DOGS
OFF OUR SCENT, HARDISON!
RUB IT ON YOUR DAMN BODY!
IT'LL THROW THE DOGS OFF.
MNH-MNH. I CAN TASTE THE SMELL
IN MY MOUTH. IT'S STRONG.
PUT IT ON YOU, MAN!
HEY.
ALL RIGHT. HIGH FIVE.
A HIGH FIVE FOR MORALE!
-WHAT? UGH!
WHAT THE HELL, MAN?
-I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING!
GANGRENE, MAN! GANGRENE!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE WOULDN'T EVEN BE IN THIS MESS
IF YOU AIN'T WANTED
TO GO FISHING!
I COULD HAVE TAKEN YOU DOWN
TO MAMA'S FISH SHACK
AND GOT YOU A CATFISH,
TWO PIECES,
AND A BISCUIT FOR $5.99.
BUT INSTEAD YOU GOT US OUT HERE
WITH TRIGGER-HAPPY JOES
TRYING TO FISH  US!
AND HE'S ALL TOO HAPPY
TO SHOOT HIMSELF A NEGRO!
OH, SO IT'S A BLACK THING NOW?
IS THAT IT?
THEY'RE HUNTING ME, TOO,
ALL RIGHT?
DAMN SKIPPY, IT'S A BLACK THING!
WHO THEY TRY TO SHOOT FIRST,
ELIOT?
WHO GOT PUNCHED FIRST, ELIOT?
ME! I'M ABOUT TIRED
OF THIS REDNECK --
-DAMN IT, HARDISON!
-DAMN IT, ELIOT!
LOOK, MAN,
I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING.
I'VE DONE THIS BEFORE.
THIS, RIGHT HERE?
[ DOGS BARKING ]
-I-IN THE WOODS,
HANDCUFFED TO A MAN?
YES, I HAVE, OKAY? IT WAS EASIER
LAST TIME, THOUGH.
WHY?
'CAUSE HE WAS ALREADY DEAD.
GOOD BOY. GOOD BOY.
[ DOGS BARKING ]
-THIS WAY.
OKAY, WHAT DO YOU GOT?
I'VE GOT A MAP --
WELL, PART OF A MAP.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
WHAT IF ELIOT AND HARDISON
HAVE ALREADY --
LET'S GO IN HERE.
OKAY, SO HARDISON AND ELIOT,
THEY NEED US TO STAY CALM,
SO, UH, SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT,
AND, UH, WE'LL FIGURE OUT
HOW TO SAVE THEM.
[ Static ]
-GUYS!
Eliot, Hardison!
Can you hear me?
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
STOP, STOP, STOP.
NATE? NATE?
YOU'RE BREAKING UP, MAN!
WE'RE IN THE WOODS.
LISTEN, WE'RE APPROXIMATELY
17 MILES FROM THE BANK.
OKAY. W--
DAMN IT. CAN YOU HEAR HIM?
NO, MAN.
IT'S CLOUD COVER.
DAY LIKE THIS,
WE GOT TO BOUNCE OUR SIGNAL
OFF A RADIO TOWER.
HOW DO WE DO THAT?
GET A CLEAR VIEW OF THE SKY.
[ BIRDS CALLING ]
OKAY. HERE IT IS.
ALL RIGHT,
THAT'S WHITMAN'S MILITIA CAMP.
UH, IT DOESN'T SHOW WHERE.
NOW, ELIOT SAID THEY WERE
17 MILES FROM THE BANK.
LET'S GET --
[  CAT YOWLS  ]
[ GASPS ]
OKAY.
IT'S GOT TO BE
IN HERE SOMEWHERE.
FROM THE BANK...TO HERE.
RIGHT THERE.
IT'S, UH, SAME CREEK, ISN'T IT?
YEAH, NO PAVED ROADS.
NO PEOPLE FOR MILES.
-IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE.
-MM-HMM.
Nate, hey?
Can you hear me?
HARDISON? ARE YOU OKAY?
[ DOGS BARKING, MEN TALKING ]
CAN'T TALK VERY LOUD.
THESE MILITIA GUYS
ARE FOLLOWING US,
AND THEY'RE ARMED AND I'M
PRETTY SURE WE PISSED THEM OFF.
Listen --
now, there are railroad tracks
A MILE AND A HALF
WEST OF THE CAMP.
CAN YOU GET THERE?
SURE.
BUT WHAT IF THERE'S NO TRAIN?
WELL, THERE WILL BE.
WE'RE GONNA STEAL YOU ONE.
YOUR RECORDS ARE VERY THOROUGH.
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
I DO HAVE SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT
THE PROFIT SHARING, HOWEVER.
HUH? OH,
OH, THE, UH, THE, UH --
THE NUTS AND BOLTS
ARE REALLY VIC'S FORTE.
WHERE IS HE?
I THOUGHT
HE WAS COMING WITH YOU.
OH, HE'S HERE. HE'S, UH,
HE'S ON A CONFERENCE CALL.
[ CHUCKLES ]
MONEY LAUNDERING -- IT ISN'T
ALL CHAMPAGNE AND HELICOPTERS,
IS IT?
OH. EXCUSE ME.
[ CHUCKLES ] HATE BEING AWAY
FROM THE JOB.
I LOVE COLLECTING MONEY.
[ CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ]
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, NATE. I'M IN.
[ KNUCKLES CRACK ]
LET'S GO STEAL A...WHOO! WHOO!
Okay, Parker, what I'm gonna do
IS I'M GONNA CALL YOUR STATION.
YOU'RE GONNA PATCH ME
THROUGH TO THE DEPARTMENT
OF TRANSPORTATION.
NOW, USE THE COMPANY'S
CALLER-I.D. SPOOFING SOFTWARE
TO MAKE MY CALL LOOK LIKE
IT'S COMING FROM FITCHBURG.
OKAY.
YOU'RE ON.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
MassDOT, THIS IS BEV.
[ Boston accent ] YEAH, LISTEN,
I'M SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
I'M WALKING MY DOGS
OUT HERE IN FITCHBURG.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT
A PROBLEM ON YOUR TRACK.
A BUNCH OF ROCKS
BLOCKING THE WAY.
ARE YOU SURE?
I HAVEN'T HEARD ANYTHING
ABOUT A ROCKSLIDE.
OH, YEAH, AM I SURE?
YEAH, LISTEN,
I'M -- I'M SENDING YOU A PICTURE
ON MY CELLY RIGHT NOW.
OKAY. YES, SIR.
-YES, BEV. YES.
-Uh, we'll do our best.
-It's a big problem.
-WE'LL TRY TO -- OKAY.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
-PLEASE HOLD, SIR.
MassDOT, THIS IS BEV.
IS THIS THE TRAIN DEPARTMENT?
YOU GOT TO SEND SOMEONE
OUT TO FITCHBURG.
PLEASE HOLD, MA'AM.
[ Raspy ]
Uh, yeah, we got rocks!
ROCKS ON THE TRACKS! YEAH.
BIG ROCKS!
HEY, GARY, I GOT TO RE-ROUTE
THE NORTHBOUND BARRINGTON.
WE GOT A ROCKSLIDE.
[ TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS ]
[ Normal voice ] OKAY, ELIOT,
HARDISON, A TRAIN ON THE WAY.
IT'S COMING FROM PENNSYLVANIA.
IT'S A PRODUCE TRAIN
CARRYING BEETS.
I'LL TAKE THAT AS A GOOD SIGN.
WELL, LIKE I SAID,
I STILL HAVE A FEW QUESTIONS.
BUT WE DO SEE THE WORLD
THE SAME WAY.
AND THAT COUNTS FOR SOMETHING.
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
GOD! COME ON, MAN!
I HATE BEETS.
LET'S GO! COME ON!
SO? DO WE HAVE A DEAL?
YOU WILL HAVE A CHECK
BY THE END OF BUSINESS DAY.
TO THE REVOLUTION.
All right, Sophie. Good work.
The train is on its way
to pick up the boys.
We're home free.
[ TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS ]
HE DID IT, MAN!
HE ACTUALLY DID IT!
HE STOLE IT!
HOW'S YOUR
TRAIN-JUMPING SKILLS, MAN?
I AIN'T NO HOBO,
BUT I CAN HOLD MY OWN.
-ALL RIGHT.
-DON'T MOVE!
[ GUN COCKS ]
PUT YOUR HANDS UP!
MAN, WHAT DO YOU WANT US TO DO?
YOU'RE THE ONES
THAT PUT THIS ON US, MAN.
WE'RE ALREADY --
-ALL RIGHT, GO DOWN.
-WHY YOU ALWAYS --
-TWIST IT.
NOT LIKE THAT, MAN!
-RE-PHRASE THAT, MAN!
-GO UNDER.
-WHY YOU ALWAYS TELLING ME
TO GO DOWN, ELIOT?
-JUST SWITCH --
-WHY YOU TELLING --
-I'M NOT SAYING IT
LIKE THAT, MAN!
-FINE!
JUST HOLD ON A MINUTE, MAN!
-SHUT UP!
-CAN WE GET A MINUTE?
-THE MAN HAS A GUN IN YOUR FACE,
MAN. GO UNDER.
-GO! GO!
-TWIST IT THIS WAY.
-GEEZ!
-LOOK, MAN --
-MAN, IT AIN'T THAT HARD.
-IT'S NOT THAT HARD.
-HE'S SO DIFFICULT.
SHUT UP!
[ SIGHS ]
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING --
TELL YOUR LITTLE BOY SCOUT TROOP
THEIR TIME'S UP.
WE GET NEW RECRUITS EVERY DAY.
YOU CAN'T STOP
WHAT WE HAVE PLANNED.
NO ONE CAN.
COME ON, MAN. LET'S GO.
ALL RIGHT.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT? HARDISON,
WE GOT TO GET ON THIS TRAIN.
NO, NO. W-WHAT'D YOU SMELL
IN THAT CAMP?
-WHAT? I DON'T --
-WHAT WERE YOU SMELLING
AT THE CAMP?
LOOK, MAN, WE GOT TO
GET ON THIS TRAIN RIGHT NOW!
ELIOT, WHAT WERE YOU SMELLING?
FERTILIZER.
AND MOLASSES.
YOU CAN REDUCE THE MOLASSES DOWN
AND USE IT AS AN OIL FOR
A FERTILIZER BOMB, ALL RIGHT?
I'VE SEEN IT IN LEBANON.
IT'S BETTER THAN KEROSENE.
OKAY, S-SO A FERTILIZER BOMB
AND A VAN.
THAT'S WHAT THE LITTLE HILLBILLY
WAS CRYING ABOUT.
LOOK, MAN, WE GET ON THIS TRAIN,
ALL RIGHT?
WE GET BACK THERE,
AND WE CALL THE F.B.I.
-THEY CLEAR EVERYBODY OUT.
-ELIOT, ELIOT.
WAS THE BOMB MIXED ALREADY?
IS -- IS IT STABLE?
NO.
THEY GOT TO USE IT
WITHIN THE NEXT 48 HOURS.
OKAY, ELIOT, WE CALL THE FBI.
MAYBE THEY MAKE IT,
MAYBE THEY DON'T.
WHAT HAPPENS THEN?
WE'RE WATCHING A BUILDING
BLOW UP ON THE NEWS,
CHILDREN, FIREMEN
SCATTERED EVERYWHERE?
LOOK, MAN, I SAY WE GO BACK
DOWN THERE, AND WE STOP THEM.
I SAY WE WHUP
SOME HILLBILLY ASS.
WE'RE GONNA GET BLOODY
ON THIS ONE.
ALL RIGHT. COME ON, MAN.
I'M GONNA GRAB HIS
WALKIE-TALKIE.
YOU GET HIS SHOELACES,
AND YOU GET HIS BELT.
I'M GETTING THIS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE LOSE
ABOUT 180 POUNDS?
YEAH?
YEAH.
HOW'S THE NEW GIRL DOING?
NATE, WE'VE LOST CONTACT
WITH ELIOT AND HARDISON AGAIN.
Ah, they're probably
on the train.
ALL RIGHT,
BUT WHAT ABOUT SOPHIE?
WHEN'S SHE GETTING
WHITMAN'S CHECK?
GET ME WHITMAN.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
EXCUSE ME.
[ SIGHS ]
YES?
SIR, WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
I SEE.
NO.
No, I'll take care of things
on this end.
I HAVE TO GET TO THE BANK
AND GET MY MONEY.
THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT THOSE IDIOTS OUT THERE
ARE LIABLE TO DO.
NATE, OUR COVER'S BLOWN.
THE REVOLUTION'S STARTING EARLY.
Our cover's blown.
The revolution's starting early.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
[ SIGHS ]
THEY'RE LOCKING
THE BUILDING DOWN.
I'M GONNA TRY AND STALL OWENS.
IF I CAN MAKE THE ELEVATOR
THINK THERE'S A FIRE,
THE DOORS WON'T OPEN.
All right. Good.
I'LL FIND US A WAY OUT.
Listen, if Whitman is spooked,
he's gonna go for his money.
SO WE HAVE TO, UH, WE HAVE TO
GET TO THE BANK BEFORE HE DOES.
Eliot, Hardison,
can you hear me?
W-Where are you on the train?
YEAH, NATE, THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
W-WHAT DO YOU MEAN
IT DIDN'T HAPPEN?
WHAT -- YOU'RE NOT ON THE TRAIN?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
Guys, y-you're telling me
you're gonna go
toe-to-toe with these people
without a plan?
OH, WE GOT A PLAN.
IT'S CALLED C.W.A.
CAN OF WHUP ASS.
OH, GEEZ.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
SOPHIE, TAKE THE STAIRWELL
TO THE FIRST FLOOR.
THERE ARE TOO MANY EYES
IN THE LOBBY.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO USE
THE EMERGENCY EXIT.
ON MY WAY.
COME ON!
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ]
[ MACHINE WHIRRING ]
NATE, IT WORKED.
THE ELEVATORS ARE ON
AUTOMATIC EMERGENCY PROTOCOL.
THEY'RE ALL HEADED
TO THE GROUND FLOOR.
WHAT THE HELL?
DID YOU GET THEM?
I'M ON IT, SIR.
WELL, GET IT DONE.
I'M HOLDING YOU
PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
HOW ARE WE GONNA GET OUT
WITHOUT BEING SEEN?
WE CAN'T HACK
THE SECURITY SYSTEM.
I WAS ACTUALLY THINKING
OF SOMETHING A LITTLE
MORE DIRECT.
[ FIRE ALARM RINGING ]
-GO!
STOP THEM!
STOP THEM!!
GOD!
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
YOU FEELING CONFIDENT?
NOT REALLY.
GOOD.
'CAUSE OVERCONFIDENCE
WILL KILL YOU FASTER
THAN A BULLET ANY DAY.
FEAR'S GOOD.
OH, I HAVE FEAR.
AND DOUBT.
AND REALLY SERIOUS REGRETS.
I SHOULD BE FINE.
ALL RIGHT. GET READY, THEN.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ BONES CRACKING ]
[ GUN COCKS ]
-WHOA, HEY, WHOA.
[ METAL CLINKS ]
-HUH?
SCIENCE. IT WORKS.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
-STAY RIGHT THERE!
-FREEZE!
DON'T MAKE ANY SUDDEN MOVEMENT.
LET'S SEE THOSE HANDS.
[ GUNS COCKING ]
LET'S SEE THEM!
MOVE.
[ SIGHS ]
I NEED TO MAKE A WITHDRAWAL.
RIGHT NOW.
OH, UH, MR. WHITMAN.
YES, OF COURSE.
TAKE A SEAT.
GOOD WORK, TOMMY.
WHERE YOU GONNA PUT THE VAN,
CHESTER?
AN OFFICE BUILDING?
A PRESCHOOL? A CHURCH?
A SOLDIER KNOWS THERE
ARE CASUALTIES IN EVERY WAR.
SEE, THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN A REAL SOLDIER
AND THIS LITTLE HALLOWEEN OUTFIT
YOU GOT GOING ON.
UHH!
YOU'D KILL
TO PROTECT YOUR RIGHTS.
A REAL SOLDIER?
HE'D DIE PROTECTING
SOMEBODY ELSE'S.
[ GUN COCKS ]
YEAH, COME ON.
W-WAIT. WAIT.
I NEVER DID GET THAT CIGARETTE.
KILL THEM.
I TELL YOU, MAN.
I THINK I KNOW WHERE
YOUR CIGARETTE'S AT.
-DO YOU?
-I THINK I SAW IT
RIGHT OVER THERE.
RIGHT THERE?
[ GAS HISSING ]
HUH?
[ MEN SCREAMING ]
[ CAR ALARM CHIRPS ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
WHITMAN'S GONE.
[ GRUNTS ]
-YOU ALL RIGHT?
-YEAH.
[ LAUGHS ]
HIGH FIVE.
FOR MORALE.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
YO, INCOMING. GO!
GO, GO, GO!
[ COUGHS ]
CHESTER!
CHESTER,
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE?
CHESTER! HEY!
WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON?
OH, NEVER MIND.
NEVER MIND.
[ COUGHS ]
LISTEN, THERE'S TOO MUCH HEAT
ON THE ORGANIZATION RIGHT NOW.
I HAVE TO GET OUT OF TOWN.
I WANT YOU TO TAKE THE MEN
AND TAKE THEM TO A SAFE HOUSE.
GIVE ME THE KEYS TO YOUR TRUCK.
COME ON! HURRY UP!
HEY.
LISTEN, NEXT TIME I STEAL YOU
A TRAIN, GET ON IT.
LOOK, MAN, YOU'RE NOT GONNA
RAIN ON MY PARADE TODAY, NATE.
I MADE A BOMB.
OUT OF A MENTHOL LIGHT.
I-IT'S OVER THERE, MAN.
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE, BRANDON!
FOR GOD'S SAKE, BRANDON!
[ GAS HISSING ]
HUH?
[ MEN SCREAMING ]
YOU GOT A RADIO?
WHAT FREQUENCY ARE THEY ON?
SEVEN SEVEN TWO.
ALL RIGHT, I-I WILL BE IN TOUCH
WITH FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS
WHEN IT'S SAFER.
-ALL RIGHT?
-All units move in.
-WHAT'S THAT?
-We have a G.P.S.
location of the camp.
A.T.F. airborne is incoming.
A.T.F.? THAT'S THE FEDS.
THE FEDS ARE COMING!
BE ADVISED, BE ADVISED.
WE HAVE A COOPERATING WITNESS
ON THE SITE.
APPREHEND, BUT DO NOT INJURE
HUGH WHITMAN.
WHAT?
NO, NO, NO. HOLD IT.
GUYS, HOLD IT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN --
ONCE A GOVERNMENT MAN,
ALWAYS A GOVERNMENT MAN.
WAIT, I-I-I-I GAVE YOU TRAINING.
I GAVE YOU EQUIPMENT.
LOOK, I HANDLE THE MONEY.
YEAH, LET'S SEE THE MONEY.
HERE.
THERE!
WAIT A MINUTE.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
WAIT, THIS WAS STRAIGHT
FROM THE BANK.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
WHO KNEW A SEDAN COULD HIT 140?
[ Normal voice ] PARKER,
YOU ARE NEVER TO GET BEHIND
THE WHEEL OF A CAR AGAIN, OKAY?
NEVER.
[ CAR ALARM CHIRPS ]
WAIT, UH...
HEY, GUYS,
I'M -- I'M A FELLOW PATRIOT!
THIS THE EVIDENCE
YOU WERE GONNA SELL TO THE FEDS
FOR YOUR FREEDOM?
WHAT?
CHESTER, THINK!
THIS ONLY  HANGS  ME!
WE'RE BEING PLAYED.
WE'RE BEING SET UP.
THE MONEY MUST BE
BACK AT THE BANK.
YOU AIN'T LYING ABOUT ONE THING.
WE NEED TO HIDE OUT.
SO LET'S GO INTO TOWN
AND GET OUR MONEY, WHITMAN.
AND MAYBE WE DON'T SHOOT YOU.
MOVE IT.
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
MOVE IT! GIVE ME THE KEYS!
HEY, YOU KNOW, I'M STARTING
TO ENJOY THE OUTDOORS.
HEY, ARE YOU SERIOUSLY GONNA
LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THIS?
ELIOT, I STOLE YOU A TRAIN.
HAVE A LITTLE FAITH.
WHAT'S GOING ON, WHITMAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
THEY WERE JUST IN HERE.
HELLO?
-HANDS IN THE AIR.
[ GUNS COCKING ]
DON'T MOVE.
[ SIRENS WAILING ]
FBI! LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS!
GET 'EM UP!
GET DOWN! GET ON THE GROUND!
DON'T MOVE!
THAT'S NOT MY CASE.
IT GOT SWITCHED.
ARE THESE THE STOLEN PAPERS
YOU MENTIONED?
[ American accent ] YEP.
YOU!
INTERNAL IRS DOCUMENTS.
TSK. TSK. TSK. TSK. TSK. TSK.
MR. WHITMAN, YOU AND YOUR MEN
ARE UNDER ARREST.
WAIT A MINUTE!
YOU GOT TO LISTEN TO ME!
THAT WOMAN
ISN'T WHO SHE SAYS SHE IS!
-SHE'S A CON ARTIST!
-YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
WE GET THAT ALL THE TIME.
YEAH, IT'S ALL
ONE BIG CONSPIRACY.
YEAH, YOU BETTER RUN
A PSYCH EVAL ON THAT ONE, HUH?
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M TRYING TO TELL YOU.
LOOK --
HEY!
AND THAT GUY!
HE'S PART OF IT, TOO!
I'M TELLING YOU!
WHY DON'T YOU LISTEN TO ME?!
LISTEN!
MR. FORD...
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
THANK YOU. ALL OF YOU.
WELL, I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
OUT OF WORK FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD HELP US
FIND THE NAMES ON THIS LIST
AND HELP THEM GET THEIR, UH,
THEIR MONEY BACK?
[ Normal voice ]
IT'S ONLY A PART-TIME JOB,
BUT I THINK YOU'LL FIND IT
REALLY REWARDING.
OH, I'LL DRIVE.
UNH-UNH. NO. NO, NO, NO.
I'LL DRIVE.
[  LINE CASTING  ]
[  REEL RATTLING  ]
[  BEEPS  ]
UH, UH! REEL IT IN SLOW.
REEL IT IN SLOW.
I KNOW HOW TO DO IT, MAN.
I HEARD YOU.
SEE, YOU LOST IT.
THERE'S NO TALKING IN --
THERE'S NO TALKING
IN FISHING, MAN!
THAT WAS THE BEAUTY OF FISHING!
YOU'RE TENSE, MAN.
IT'S A DELICATE SPORT.
YOU NEED TO BE DELICATE.
[  BEEPING  ]
YOU GOT IT! YEAH!
IT'S JUST NOT THE SAME.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S BETTER.
[ LAUGHS ]
YEAH, BUDDY.